README.md, before:

# AI Course Image Classification

## Project Overview
This project is an Artificial Intelligence course project that focuses on comparing different machine learning models for image classification.

The implemented models include:
- Naive Bayes Classifier
- Decision Tree Classifier (with hyperparameter tuning)
- Feedforward Neural Network (MLP)

The goal is to analyze and compare the performance of classical machine learning approaches and neural networks on a multi-class image dataset.

---

## Techniques Used
- Image preprocessing (resizing, normalization, flattening)
- Dimensionality reduction using Principal Component Analysis (PCA)
- Supervised learning for image classification
- Model optimization using GridSearchCV
- Performance evaluation using accuracy, precision, recall, F1-score, and confusion matrices

---

## Dataset
- Images organized into class-based folders
- Example classes: Apple, Banana, Orange
- Images resized to 64×64 pixels
- Pixel values normalized to the range [0, 1]

---

## Tools & Libraries
- Python
- NumPy
- Pandas
- Scikit-learn
- TensorFlow (Keras utilities)
- Matplotlib
- Seaborn

---

## How to Run
1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt

Commit message:

Add dataset link to README

README.md, after:

# AI Course Image Classification

## Project Overview
This project is an Artificial Intelligence course project that focuses on comparing different machine learning models for image classification. The objective is to evaluate and analyze the performance of classical machine learning approaches and a neural network model on a multi-class image dataset.

The implemented models include:
- Naive Bayes Classifier  
- Decision Tree Classifier (with hyperparameter tuning)  
- Feedforward Neural Network (MLP)  

The project emphasizes proper data preprocessing, model training, evaluation, and performance comparison.

---

## Techniques Used
- Image preprocessing (resizing, normalization, flattening)
- Dimensionality reduction using Principal Component Analysis (PCA)
- Supervised learning for image classification
- Hyperparameter tuning using GridSearchCV
- Performance evaluation using:
  - Accuracy
  - Precision
  - Recall
  - F1-score
  - Confusion matrices

---

## Dataset
- Images organized into class-based folders
- Example classes: Apple, Banana, Orange
- Images resized to 64×64 pixels
- Pixel values normalized to the range [0, 1]

### Dataset Access
Due to size limitations, the dataset is not included directly in this repository.

You can access the dataset using the following Google Drive link:  
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1bCJrb_FOuPen7TxMlJFXMzB_VuPb6Kxj?usp=sharing

The dataset is provided for educational and academic purposes.

---

## Tools & Libraries
- Python  
- NumPy  
- Pandas  
- Scikit-learn  
- TensorFlow (Keras utilities)  
- Matplotlib  
- Seaborn  

---

## How to Run
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Maria-Massad/ai-course-image-classification.git
